# DoshroCraftWebsite


##The Problem We Face
Our target for the problem of youth unemployment is primarily for those in the 15- to 25-year-old bracket. Being engaged in the field of computer science, we have seen how pragmatic the experience of this field needs to be. However, the group of youths that have just graduated from university or high school may find it incredibly difficult to assimilate into the workforce due to companies requiring experience with projects in the workforce. Moreover, the jobs that undergraduates are able to procure don't always meet the level of skills that they may have gained. This has led to youths in that age group to engage in intermittent jobs in other sectors that may provide fast monetary gains. This makes them invest a disproportionate amount of time on jobs with little room for growth when they could've spent the time improving their skill set in their primary choice of study which further hampers their employment readiness in their own fields of study. Another pertinent problem that we've seen is the unfortunate lack of knowledge of high school students regarding the prospects of certain fields of study. Schools only provide them with abstract ideas of "scope of a certain field" without being able to explain the work responsibilities, return on investments, and its contribution to the economy. The magnitude of this issue is only pronounced when the students discover that their interests don't lie in the subjects they chose for their undergraduate degrees.

##Our Approach
There are several arenas in the industry where skills in different computer-based services are required. These may include website designing and development, video editing, animation, game development, graphic designing, and several other regions of services that don't require a complete bachelor's degree in computer science. The skills required for these services can be learnt even to a proficient level with focused project-based learning within a few weeks to a few months. We have had the experience of hosting such workshops and they have proved to be successful to the extent that our funding has allowed. Plenty of undergraduates and high school graduates are skilled in these regions of the industry already. While a few of them have had the chance to integrate into the formal or informal workforce with their specific skill set, there is still a large number of skilled undergraduates that have not been able to do so. They can contribute to improve the situation by mentoring project-based workshops directed at high school students. These skills can be beneficial to high school students in two ways: they will be able to familiarize themselves with the field of work and they will have something tangible to show for (like projects) when they need to seek jobs in the industry. This would benefit them greatly as they would have more time to hone their skills and tailor their education according to rigid understanding of the field of work.
